# Terraria Chaos Mod

A mod for Terraria that adds a variety of random effects that can occur during
gameplay and includes Twitch integration for viewer voting.

This mod is inspired by the Chaos Mods for GTA V, San Andreas, and Vice City,
which allows viewers to vote on random effects to be applied to the game.
Unlike systems where viewers directly trigger effects through external
platforms, this mod creates a similar experience to the original Chaos Mods.

## Related Mods

- [Crowd Control for Terraria](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2833108684) -
  integrates with the Crowd Control platform, where viewers can spend points to
  trigger effects in-game.
- [Chaos Mode - Simulated Crowd Control](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3350541079) -
  another mod that simulates Crowd Control effects without viewer interaction.

## Attributions

This project makes use of third-party libraries and code:

### [TwitchLib](https://github.com/TwitchLib/TwitchLib)

Licensed under the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 swiftyspiffy (Cole)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

### [AnyPaletteShader](https://github.com/BasicallyIAmFox/AnyPaletteShader)

Copyright 2023-2024 BasicallyIAmFox

This project is licensed under the Apache License You may obtain a copy of the
License at: <http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
